Update readme to explain 302 policy (#12)
home-assistant/custom-components-wheels: README.md

  "url": "https://url/of/component",
}
```

> **Note all links in the json must be direct links as http 302 redirects will not be followed.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: All URLs in the JSON must be direct links. URLs with HTTP redirects (301 or 302) redirects will not be followed.
```

Author: Thanks. Much clearer.
